kitty Sylvester what are you doing you
don't have a collar on or anything why
why are you trying to open the door do
you want to go outside yeah
oh well pardon me I guess I'll just open
it right up for you then you you know if
I did open it you'd be stuck out there
all day
I know and there's dogs out there that
could eat you cars they could hit you
anything could happen somebody could
pick you up you still want to go outside
yeah you know what I'm saying I thought
I'm just gonna lock it Sylvester we
talked about this it's been months now
you're an indoor kitty you don't go
outside anymore everything you need is
right here inside the house okay so just
stay inside hi
because I love you kitty and I don't
want anything to happen to you so maybe
maybe we'll take a walk later or
something but not no Sylvester I'm not
opening this door you can just stay
inside come on
no kitty don't argue with me look it's
it's already locked and it's gonna stay
that way for the rest of the day I'm not
gonna let you outside because nobody's
gonna be able to let you back in I know
it's horrible
no don't whine at me Sylvester I'm not
letting you out you can stay inside
don't even try it's locked kitty you
know it's it's not like I'm trying to be
mean to Celeste or anything it's just I
care about him and he's an indoor cat
now and you know owning pets is a lot
like being a parent you know you have to
make the rules you got to enforce the
rules and you you got to stick to your
guns and that's what I'm gonna do I'm
not gonna let him get away with anything
yeah I need a bath find me a little
bastard there the doors open go go ahead
and go don't take your time Keaney Jase
don't come back until you get a new
attitude cat okay so so I let him out
big deal doesn't matter it doesn't
change anything I'm still the boss
besides I give him two hours he's gonna
get all hungry and tired and come back
scratching at the door and we'll see who
laughs last
so yeah I mean I I probably shouldn't
have let him outside but I mean I'm sure
he's okay I just I just hope you didn't
go to Todd's house um just go outside
and look for him I'm sure he's out there
is kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty
Sylvester hello mate at the Canyon
County Animal Corrections Facility to
accept the charges press one now or you
may hang hello hi
Sylvester are you at the pound
[Music]
hey there love you kitty okay but good
talking to you
oh I'd love to but I'm actually looking
for a black cat so anyway Oh bye hey
there excuse me hey I'm looking for a
black cat is named Sylvester
have you seen oh hey hey hey sorry
thanks sorry I can't go looking back now
sorry you can feel like it wait a minute
oh this looks familiar
yeah yeah that's him you're free kitty I
bailed you out come on let's go home
lied to Nikita
if I was jail catch it was that bad huh
yeah well do you want to go back now
then you learned your lesson right kitty
yeah seriously this time Sylvester
okay I sure hope so cuz you just cost me
a hundred and thirty-eight dollars to
get you out of there so if you don't
want to go back Sylvester look at me if
you don't want to go back what do you
not do good ah no not don't get cop
Sylvester don't run away
yeah gee did you learn anything while
you were in there
[Music]
are you kidding me you want to go
outside again
yeah are you freaking serious yeah all
right if you go to the town I'm not
picking you up again
Oh dad you'll be stuck there yeah go lay
down Katie goodness I'm sorry dad
Gibson kitty kitty Hey Hey
it's really not that you you get out of
here now I'm sorry don't be don't be
alert don't be scared it's okay keep
sighs it's not that bad